# Data_Ingestion_and_processing
The New York City Taxi &amp; Limousine Commission (TLC) has provided a dataset of trips made by the taxis in the New York City. The detailed trip-level data is more than just a vast list of taxi pickup and drop off coordinates.  The records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations (location coordinates of the starting and ending points), trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, driver-reported passenger counts etc. The data used was collected and provided to the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) by technology providers authorized under the Taxicab &amp; Livery Passenger Enhancement Programs (TPEP/LPEP). You can download the data dictionary below. Data Dictionary for Taxi Dataset file_downloadDownload  This dataset was created by aggregating the aforementioned records. It provides precise location coordinates for where the trip started and ended, timestamps for when the trip started and ended, plus a few other variables including fare amount, payment method, and distance travelled. Fig1:Taxi_Grid  The purpose of this dataset is to get a better understanding of the taxi system so that the city of New York can improve the efficiency of in-city commutes. Several exploratory questions can be asked about the travelling experience for passengers.  In this assignment, we ONLY consider the data of yellow taxis for November and December of the year 2017.  The dataset has been placed in the HDFS storage of the lab. The path to the data files is as follows:  '/common_folder/nyc_taxi_data/'  In case you want to download the data, here are the download links:  NYC Yellow Taxi's trip data for 2017 - Nov and Dec  While performing this analysis, you will inevitably make several assumptions. As long as you state these assumptions, you will be awarded marks.  A few pointers before you start the assignment:
